README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/5f0fde71-0daa-4b86-b75d-04efb7280ef9.svg)](https://wakatime.com/@5f0fde71-0daa-4b86-b75d-04efb7280ef9)

<p>
  <img align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=graffiti75&show_icons=true&theme=rose_pine&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Rodrigo Cericatto" />
  &nbsp;
  <img align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=graffiti75&show_icons=true&theme=rose_pine&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Rodrigo Cericatto" />
</p>

My name is Rodrigo Cericatto and I'm an [Android Developer certified by Google through the Android Developer Nanodegree](https://bit.ly/3iW3YJf) program. I also have been an Instructor since 2013.

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working as a Freelancer implementing Mobile (Android, iOS) and Web apps.
- 💬 Ask me about Native Android Development with Kotlin.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python, Web, and iOS in my free time.
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigocericatto/) and [Gmail](graffiti75@gmail.com).
- [Here](https://g.dev/RodrigoCericatto) is my Google Developer account.

---

I have 14 years of experience in Android Development.

I have a [Problem Solving (Basic) Certificate of Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/663342ea7022), and I worked in several projects in my career like [Rock Dial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPmiA4CdTt4) (and here the [Paul McCartney Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWk91phIiHg) of this app), [Face Magazine](https://bit.ly/34zhp9B) (as employee), [Capstone Teleprompter](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B7-BCrhhCGUsQVRlcnVVeUNDNUk?resourcekey=0-hK1-rS5aFsYAiXnOvlMJHw&usp=sharing), [Tastely](http://goo.gl/rvrRk) (as employee), [Em Quem NÃO Votar Curitiba](https://bit.ly/2WUm5VF) and [Alo Ingressos](https://bit.ly/313r0Wj) (as employee).

Some latest projects I am working:

## Skill Pulse (for Android)

SkillPulse is a native Android application that bridges the gap between modern mobile UI and Python-based logic. The project demonstrates a hybrid architecture, leveraging Kotlin for the frontend and Python for core scripting and data handling.

### 🔍 Key Features

- 🚀 Native Android with Kotlin Language — Clean, maintainable UI built using the latest Android patterns and best practices, using Kotlin language.
- 🔐 Firebase Authentication — Email/password sign-in and session management with Firebase for secure user flows.
- 🗂️ Filtering & Task Dashboard — Dynamic task views with filters, pagination concepts, and intuitive interaction components.
- 📱 Responsive UI Layouts — Adaptive design with Jetpack Compose.
- 🧩 Modular Codebase — Organized structure with reusable components, using Clean Architecture and MVI pattern.
- 📦 Deployment Ready — Includes workflows for staging and deployment (e.g., GitHub Pages support).

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

Android • Android Studio • Firebase (Auth + Firestore) • Jetpack Compose UI • Git & GitHub Actions • Kotlin Language

[![SkillPulse Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SkillPulse/refs/heads/master/media/Screen%20Recording%202026-02-06%20at%2012.11.57.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulse)

## Skill Pulse (for React)

SkillPulse is a modern, responsive React dashboard and task management app built with performance, usability, and modular design in mind. It integrates user authentication, dynamic filtering, theming, and Firebase backend support — making it a solid example of production-ready front-end engineering.

### 🔍 Key Features

- 🚀 React with Hooks & Functional Components — Clean, maintainable UI built using the latest React patterns and best practices.
- 🔐 Firebase Authentication — Email/password sign-in and session management with Firebase for secure user flows.
- 🗂️ Filtering & Task Dashboard — Dynamic task views with filters, pagination concepts, and intuitive interaction components.
- 🌗 Dark Mode Support — Switchable theming to improve accessibility and user comfort.
- 📱 Responsive UI Layouts — Adaptive design with optimized headers, sticky elements, and mobile-friendly interfaces.
- 🧩 Modular Codebase — Organized structure with reusable components, utility hooks, and ongoing refactors for scale.
- 📦 Deployment Ready — Includes workflows for staging and deployment (e.g., GitHub Pages support).

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

React • React Hooks • Firebase (Auth + Firestore) • CSS/Global Styling • Git & GitHub Actions

[![Skill Pulse](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseReact/refs/heads/master/media/Screen%20Recording%202026-02-04%20at%2017.10.28.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseReact)

## Vintage Rock Radio

[![Vintage Rock Radio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/VintageRadioRockiOS/refs/heads/master/videos/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/VintageRadioRockiOS)

| Egg Basket Collection | Gravity Tilt | 
|---------|---------|
| [![Egg Basket Collection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/EggBasketCollection/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/EggBasketCollection) | [![Spacecraft Flip Cards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/GravityTilt/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards) |

| Spacecraft Flip Cards | Scribble Dash |
|---------|---------|
| [![Spacecraft Flip Cards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards) | [![ScribbleDash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/ScribbleDash/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/ScribbleDash) |

| Reversi | Rick & Morty | 
|---------|---------|
| [![Reversi](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/Reversi/refs/heads/master/videos/20250220-172831_small.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/Reversi) | [![Rick & Morty](https://github.com/graffiti75/RickMorty/raw/master/media/showcase_small.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/RickMorty) |

| AudioWaveformUI | DawnDusk |
|---------|---------|
| [![AudioWaveformUI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/AudioWaveformUI/refs/heads/master/videos/waveform.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/AudioWaveformUI) | <img width="324" height="702" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/DawnDusk/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif" alt="DawnDusk showcase image" > |

| ThousandsSeparator | MarsWeatherCard | 
|---------|---------|
| [![ThousandsSeparator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/ThousandsSeparator/refs/heads/master/videos/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/ThousandsSeparator) | <img width="324" height="702" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/MarsWeatherCard/refs/heads/master/images/image.png" alt="Mars Weather Card showcase image" > |

- [SkillPulse (Android)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulse): SkillPulse is a native Android application that bridges the gap between modern mobile UI and Python-based logic.
- [SkillPulse (React)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseReact): A real-time task management app built with React and Firebase. Check [here](https://graffiti75.github.io/SkillPulseReact/) its published version.
- [VintageRockRadio](https://github.com/graffiti75/VintageRadioRockiOS): This application brings you a curated collection of classic hits from the 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, and 2000s.
- [EggBasketCollection](https://github.com/graffiti75/EggBasketCollection): A native Android app (using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose). A drag-and-drop interface where users move eggs into a designated basket "hot zone". Upon successful drops, the basket image should update to reflect progress. Encourage good drops and discourage misses with visual and animated feedback.
- [GravityTilt](https://github.com/graffiti75/GravityTilt): A native Android app (using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose) where an animation flips a Spacecraft X and Y axis using device's accelerometer.
- [SpacecraftFlipCards](https://github.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards): A Jetpack Compose UI Component where an animation flips a Spacecraft Card in Y axis. Created using Jetpack Compose, Android, and Kotlin language.
- [ScribbleDash](https://github.com/graffiti75/ScribbleDash): A Drawing editor created using Jetpack Compose, Android, and Kotlin language.
- [Reversi](https://github.com/graffiti75/Reversi): A Reversi game for Android, implemented with Jetpack Compose.
- [Rick & Morty](https://github.com/graffiti75/RickMorty): An app using the [Rick & Morty API](https://rickandmortyapi.com/). This app was implemented using Jetpack Compose.
- [AudioWaveformUI](https://github.com/graffiti75/AudioWaveformUI): An audio Jetpack Compose UI Component based on WhatsApp.
- [DawnDusk](https://github.com/graffiti75/DawnDusk): A full-screen UI that automatically switches between dawn and dusk visuals based on the device's theme (light or dark). Implemented using Jetpack Compose in Android, using Kotlin language.
- [ThousandsSeparator](https://github.com/graffiti75/ThousandsSeparator): A Jetpack Compose UI Component to select a currency inside a financial app.
- [MarsWeatherCard](https://github.com/graffiti75/MarsWeatherCard): A special Card component created using Jetpack Compose.

<!--
**graffiti75/graffiti75** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

README.md updated
Added new project details for Skill Pulse applications on iOS and Android, including key features and tech stack.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/5f0fde71-0daa-4b86-b75d-04efb7280ef9.svg)](https://wakatime.com/@5f0fde71-0daa-4b86-b75d-04efb7280ef9)

<p>
  <img align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=graffiti75&show_icons=true&theme=rose_pine&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Rodrigo Cericatto" />
  &nbsp;
  <img align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=graffiti75&show_icons=true&theme=rose_pine&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Rodrigo Cericatto" />
</p>

My name is Rodrigo Cericatto and I'm an [Android Developer certified by Google through the Android Developer Nanodegree](https://bit.ly/3iW3YJf) program. I also have been an Instructor since 2013.

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working as a Freelancer implementing Mobile (Android, iOS) and Web apps.
- 💬 Ask me about Native Android Development with Kotlin.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python, Web, and iOS in my free time.
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigocericatto/) and [Gmail](graffiti75@gmail.com).
- [Here](https://g.dev/RodrigoCericatto) is my Google Developer account.

---

I have 14 years of experience in Android Development.

I have a [Problem Solving (Basic) Certificate of Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/663342ea7022), and I worked in several projects in my career like [Rock Dial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPmiA4CdTt4) (and here the [Paul McCartney Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWk91phIiHg) of this app), [Face Magazine](https://bit.ly/34zhp9B) (as employee), [Capstone Teleprompter](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B7-BCrhhCGUsQVRlcnVVeUNDNUk?resourcekey=0-hK1-rS5aFsYAiXnOvlMJHw&usp=sharing), [Tastely](http://goo.gl/rvrRk) (as employee), [Em Quem NÃO Votar Curitiba](https://bit.ly/2WUm5VF) and [Alo Ingressos](https://bit.ly/313r0Wj) (as employee).

Some latest projects I am working:

## Skill Pulse (for iOS)

SkillPulse is a native Android application that bridges the gap between modern mobile UI and Python-based logic. The project demonstrates a hybrid architecture, leveraging Kotlin for the frontend and Python for core scripting and data handling.

### 🔍 Key Features

- 🚀 Native iOS with Swift Language — Clean, maintainable UI built using the latest iOS patterns and best practices, using Swift language.
- 🔐 Firebase Authentication — Email/password sign-in and session management with Firebase for secure user flows.
- 🗂️ Filtering & Task Dashboard — Dynamic task views with filters, pagination concepts, and intuitive interaction components.
- 📱 Responsive UI Layouts — Adaptive design with Swift UI.
- 🧩 Modular Codebase — Organized structure with reusable components, using Clean Architecture and MVVM pattern.
- 📦 Deployment Ready — Includes workflows for staging and deployment (e.g., GitHub Pages support).

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

iOS • Xcode • Firebase (Auth + Firestore) • Swift UI • Git & GitHub Actions • Swift Language

[![SkillPulse iOS Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseiOS/refs/heads/master/SkillPulseiOS/media/Simulator%20Screen%20Recording%20-%20iPhone%2017%20Pro%20-%202026-02-09%20at%2015.21.19.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseiOS)

## Skill Pulse (for Android)

SkillPulse is a native Android application that bridges the gap between modern mobile UI and Python-based logic. The project demonstrates a hybrid architecture, leveraging Kotlin for the frontend and Python for core scripting and data handling.

### 🔍 Key Features

- 🚀 Native Android with Kotlin Language — Clean, maintainable UI built using the latest Android patterns and best practices, using Kotlin language.
- 🔐 Firebase Authentication — Email/password sign-in and session management with Firebase for secure user flows.
- 🗂️ Filtering & Task Dashboard — Dynamic task views with filters, pagination concepts, and intuitive interaction components.
- 📱 Responsive UI Layouts — Adaptive design with Jetpack Compose.
- 🧩 Modular Codebase — Organized structure with reusable components, using Clean Architecture and MVI pattern.
- 📦 Deployment Ready — Includes workflows for staging and deployment (e.g., GitHub Pages support).

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

Android • Android Studio • Firebase (Auth + Firestore) • Jetpack Compose UI • Git & GitHub Actions • Kotlin Language

[![SkillPulse Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SkillPulse/refs/heads/master/media/Screen%20Recording%202026-02-06%20at%2012.11.57.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulse)

## Skill Pulse (for React)

SkillPulse is a modern, responsive React dashboard and task management app built with performance, usability, and modular design in mind. It integrates user authentication, dynamic filtering, theming, and Firebase backend support — making it a solid example of production-ready front-end engineering.

### 🔍 Key Features

- 🚀 React with Hooks & Functional Components — Clean, maintainable UI built using the latest React patterns and best practices.
- 🔐 Firebase Authentication — Email/password sign-in and session management with Firebase for secure user flows.
- 🗂️ Filtering & Task Dashboard — Dynamic task views with filters, pagination concepts, and intuitive interaction components.
- 🌗 Dark Mode Support — Switchable theming to improve accessibility and user comfort.
- 📱 Responsive UI Layouts — Adaptive design with optimized headers, sticky elements, and mobile-friendly interfaces.
- 🧩 Modular Codebase — Organized structure with reusable components, utility hooks, and ongoing refactors for scale.
- 📦 Deployment Ready — Includes workflows for staging and deployment (e.g., GitHub Pages support).

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

React • React Hooks • Firebase (Auth + Firestore) • CSS/Global Styling • Git & GitHub Actions

[![Skill Pulse](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseReact/refs/heads/master/media/Screen%20Recording%202026-02-04%20at%2017.10.28.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseReact)

## Vintage Rock Radio

[![Vintage Rock Radio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/VintageRadioRockiOS/refs/heads/master/videos/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/VintageRadioRockiOS)

| Egg Basket Collection | Gravity Tilt | 
|---------|---------|
| [![Egg Basket Collection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/EggBasketCollection/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/EggBasketCollection) | [![Spacecraft Flip Cards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/GravityTilt/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards) |

| Spacecraft Flip Cards | Scribble Dash |
|---------|---------|
| [![Spacecraft Flip Cards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards) | [![ScribbleDash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/ScribbleDash/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/ScribbleDash) |

| Reversi | Rick & Morty | 
|---------|---------|
| [![Reversi](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/Reversi/refs/heads/master/videos/20250220-172831_small.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/Reversi) | [![Rick & Morty](https://github.com/graffiti75/RickMorty/raw/master/media/showcase_small.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/RickMorty) |

| AudioWaveformUI | DawnDusk |
|---------|---------|
| [![AudioWaveformUI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/AudioWaveformUI/refs/heads/master/videos/waveform.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/AudioWaveformUI) | <img width="324" height="702" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/DawnDusk/refs/heads/master/media/video.gif" alt="DawnDusk showcase image" > |

| ThousandsSeparator | MarsWeatherCard | 
|---------|---------|
| [![ThousandsSeparator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/ThousandsSeparator/refs/heads/master/videos/video.gif)](https://github.com/graffiti75/ThousandsSeparator) | <img width="324" height="702" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/graffiti75/MarsWeatherCard/refs/heads/master/images/image.png" alt="Mars Weather Card showcase image" > |

- [SkillPulse (iOS)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseiOS): SkillPulse is a native iOS application that bridges the gap between modern mobile UI and Python-based logic.
- [SkillPulse (Android)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulse): SkillPulse is a native Android application that bridges the gap between modern mobile UI and Python-based logic.
- [SkillPulse (React)](https://github.com/graffiti75/SkillPulseReact): A real-time task management app built with React and Firebase. Check [here](https://graffiti75.github.io/SkillPulseReact/) its published version.
- [VintageRockRadio](https://github.com/graffiti75/VintageRadioRockiOS): This application brings you a curated collection of classic hits from the 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, and 2000s.
- [EggBasketCollection](https://github.com/graffiti75/EggBasketCollection): A native Android app (using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose). A drag-and-drop interface where users move eggs into a designated basket "hot zone". Upon successful drops, the basket image should update to reflect progress. Encourage good drops and discourage misses with visual and animated feedback.
- [GravityTilt](https://github.com/graffiti75/GravityTilt): A native Android app (using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose) where an animation flips a Spacecraft X and Y axis using device's accelerometer.
- [SpacecraftFlipCards](https://github.com/graffiti75/SpacecraftFlipCards): A Jetpack Compose UI Component where an animation flips a Spacecraft Card in Y axis. Created using Jetpack Compose, Android, and Kotlin language.
- [ScribbleDash](https://github.com/graffiti75/ScribbleDash): A Drawing editor created using Jetpack Compose, Android, and Kotlin language.
- [Reversi](https://github.com/graffiti75/Reversi): A Reversi game for Android, implemented with Jetpack Compose.
- [Rick & Morty](https://github.com/graffiti75/RickMorty): An app using the [Rick & Morty API](https://rickandmortyapi.com/). This app was implemented using Jetpack Compose.
- [AudioWaveformUI](https://github.com/graffiti75/AudioWaveformUI): An audio Jetpack Compose UI Component based on WhatsApp.
- [DawnDusk](https://github.com/graffiti75/DawnDusk): A full-screen UI that automatically switches between dawn and dusk visuals based on the device's theme (light or dark). Implemented using Jetpack Compose in Android, using Kotlin language.
- [ThousandsSeparator](https://github.com/graffiti75/ThousandsSeparator): A Jetpack Compose UI Component to select a currency inside a financial app.
- [MarsWeatherCard](https://github.com/graffiti75/MarsWeatherCard): A special Card component created using Jetpack Compose.

<!--
**graffiti75/graffiti75** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
